Summarizes the analysis :

	In these tables show we are looking at today we will take a look at different high schools and if there is any correlations with school type, total students, total school budget, average math score, and average reading score. 
We will also be taking a look at the percent passing for math, percent passing on reading, per student budget, and show a breakdown of the different grades for math and reading for each grade year of high school to be able to understand the data even better.

Draw two correct conclusions or comparisons from the calculations:

  The first conclusion that I will draw is that there is a stark difference from the small and medium schools grades compared to the larger schools. 
The average scores for math and reading are around 83 percent for both with around 90 percent overall passing, where as the larger schools only have a 77 for math and 81 for reading average score with only 58 percent passing. 
Also this is reflected in that data for charter schools, having a higher average and overall passing score than district schools. 
Looking at the number of students between the to, the smallest district school has 2739 (largest being 4976) students where the largest charter school has only 2283 (smallest being 427) students.

  My second conclusion is that it doesn't matter what grade you are in, but the school you are in for what the overall grades students get will be. 
Most schools don't see much change in grade year, most staying within one percent of every grade. 
Looking closer at the data you can also see that all the average math scores for district are around 77 percent where as the charter schools are all around 83 percent. 
This leads me to believe if you want to be understand math better, go to a charter school.

  Bonus, I was curious if per student budget had any play on how well a student would do, but from the given data this does not appear to be the case. 
The lowest per student budget ($578) still had a overall passing score of 90 percent and the most per student budget ($655) had a overall passing score of 53.5 percent. 
Though taking my last two conclusions, that school is a district school, so looking at the highest per student budget for a charter school ($638) has an overall passing score of around 91 percent. 
The lowest per student budget for a district school ($628) has around a 54.5 percent overall passing rate.
